Porsch,
this is your wedding invitation.
Is it beautiful? Here.
Thanks.
I know you don't want to get married
but you can't refuse.
I also want you to be
with the person you love.
I'm married. I know
how important choosing
your life partner is.
But Dad meant well
when he chose one for you.
Don't worry about me.
I'll probably love her eventually
after we get married.
I'm happy you came
to that conclusion.
I have to go now.
This one is still fine.
Okay.
You're here too?
I didn't know there was a fire
at the studio last night.
I was so shocked when I arrived.
And where's Rin now?
Throw this one away separately.
We got here and saw her like this.
This one's still okay.
She didn't explain anything to us.
So we don't know what to do.
Keep this one.
Rin, what are you doing?
I'm sorting the clothes
damaged by the fire.
I know.
But I want to know if you've rested.
I don't have time for that.
There are still many things
to deal with.
Hello. Are you Rarin?
I'm here to do the repair work.
Yes.
Hello.
- Can you see the fire damage there?
- Yes.
Please follow me.
- That's a lot of damage.
- I need it fixed right away.
This way, please.
Okay. Take good care of her.
Now go.
What's the matter?
Tan and Rarin
confronted Sao last night
and they convinced her
to turn herself in.
But a fire broke out
at Rin's studio.
- A fire?
- Mmm.
Did anyone get hurt?
I don't know.
Tan's helping Rin right now.
Hello, Mind.
Is Porsch here?
No, he's not.
Did something happen?
He disappeared from home.
He left his phone
and didn't take his wallet with him.
I know that when he was
kicked out last time,
he stayed here.
So I thought I'd check here first.
If you see him, please call me.
Sure.
You're worried about him,
aren't you?
A little.
- But...
- Alright.
Can you give me a lift
to Rarin's studio?
Mmm.
If we cut here
and sew the fabric together,
it should be okay.
- Is that really a good idea?
- Of course it is.
Rin, that's enough.
Let go of me.
Rin, enough.
You have to get a hold of yourself,
do you know that?
I'm in complete control.
Rin.
You're confused right now.
You have to rest.
You shouldn't be doing this.
Things will get worse
if you're not mindful.
You're making things worse.
Don't you see that I'm trying
to fix the problem?
You don't think you can
fix these clothes, do you?
Rung?
How did you get here?
Mind gave me a lift.
These clothes are impossible to fix.
As a fashion designer,
you wouldn't want people to wear
these imperfect clothes, would you?
Rin?
Rung.
It's okay to be sad, Rin.
I used to feel the same way.
But look at me now,
I got through it.
Just don't forget
that you're not fighting alone.
There are others helping you.
Sometimes allowing yourself
to feel sad
can also be a sign of strength.
Attention. Flight EG461
is ready for departure.
Hey.
Attention. Flight EG461
is ready for departure.
How did you know that I was here?
Didn't you say that you wanted
to go on an adventure?
So I made a wild guess.
And I was right.
You're more clever
than my subordinates.
Aren't you going to go home?
Praew's looking for you.
I know.
I just want to try to imagine
a different life.
I get to live far away,
do things myself
and I'm going to be proud of it.
But there's probably
no chance of that.
Come on. Let's go.
Porsch.
Let's go.
You're not here to take me home?
Who said I was here
to take you home?
How come we ended up here?
It was the closest flight.
I wanted to take you
somewhere further,
but I forgot my passport.
I didn't want to come here.
Oh, don't you want
to live your life?
- I do, but...
- Come on!
- What? The coconut!
- Hurry!
It's wet.
We're at the beach.
Of course it's wet.
- The sun is too hot!
- It's not!
It's not. Come on!
One, two, three!
Oops!
Look at that. It's...
One, two, three.
Okay, horizontal now.
How is it? Did you have fun today?
So-so.
Tight-lipped. If you had fun,
just say so.
I'm scared that if I say so,
time will fly away too quickly.
We've escaped this far.
Don't overthink it.
We still can't escape reality.
Is that right?
Maybe your heart doesn't want to?
What do you mean?
Like,
when you were persistent with Rarin.
Even though you know
Rarin thinks of you as a brother,
you were still fixated on her.
I'm not like that.
As for Rin,
I've already moved on.
Really?
You don't believe me?
Alright. I'll believe you.
Good for you.
Your expression betrays you.
If you don't believe me,
do you want me to prove it?
How?
Porsch,
we've been told to take you home.
How did you know we were here?
Praew went to see you, didn't she?
She did.
You don't know my family
well enough.
What's up with them?
I guess
fun time is over.
Thanks for today.
Please, sir.
Run!
After them! Go!
Where did they go? Check over there!
Out of the way, please!
Excuse me, can you take
a photo for us?
Alright!
Where are we going?
- Wait!
- This way!
Wait! Where are we going?
Thank you.
Ugh!
- Where are we going?
- This way!
- I'm sorry!
- Sorry!
Can't you see? After them!
Hold on!
Come on!
I've found Porsch, sir.
Porsch,
your father would like to
have a word with you.
Are you having fun on your trip?
Hurry back home
once you've had enough.
Fulfill your duty
as the son of our family
and as my son too!
Are you feeling better now?
I am.
That's a relief.
You looked really crazed just now.
Do you know that?
I'm not crazy.
You wouldn't listen to anyone.
It was like you had the weight of
the world on your shoulders.
You looked so scary.
You're exaggerating.
Well, it's true.
Tan, Rin, can you come over here?
What's the matter?
Since Rin's resting today,
I'd like to kill time
by doing something.
I made a women's outfit
and I want to give it to Rin.
But I'm not sure if it'll fit her.
So I'd like to take
her measurements.
An outfit for me?
Mmm.
Do you have a measuring tape?
I do.
What are you doing?
You'll see.
Here you go.
But I still don't feel strong.
Can you help me, Tan?
I'll write it down.
- Me?
- Yes.
Alright. Let's start
with the shoulders.
Shoulders, 16.
What's next?
The neck.
Okay.
Neck, 12.
And
go downwards.
From here?
Mmm.
It's 12 and 23.
You know how to do it.
What about the head?
I feel so guilty
for bringing you here.
I'm sorry.
This one's not going home.
What did you call yourself?
Why? I said "this one."
Aren't you afraid of being cut off?
I am.
Usually when I do something,
I have to rely on Dad.
I solve problems with money.
I don't know if I'll survive
if Dad doesn't help me.
But after I came out
here with you...
How should I say this?
It...
It makes me feel
- stronger.
- Stronger.
I'm going to the bathroom.
Mind,
I have something to ask of you.
Mind, wait for me here.
I'll be back.
Where are you going?
Come on. I won't be long.
I'm sorry.
I didn't want it
to turn out this way.
I'm talking here.
You won't be able to hear it.
I'm not good at showing
my true feelings.
I want you
to know about my feelings.
But if I do it,
it will be too selfish of me.
I don't know what to do.
I'm sorry.
What?
Hold out your hand.
I bought it for you.
It's a shame
that the lady only had one for sale.
If only there were two,
I would've bought one for myself
to wear.
So you won't have to be lonely.
Mind,
did I say something wrong?
Why are you crying?
- I'm not.
- Don't like it? I can return it.
No, it's lovely.
Hey! Hey!
What is this?
Thank you, Mind.
You'll be handsomely rewarded.
Why did you do this?
Let go of me!
I gave you my heart!
What are you going to get from this?
Let go!
Thank you.
You're a grown-up,
but you still can't tell right
from wrong.
Why do you like causing trouble?
Alright.
Let's wait until you're married.
You can cheat
or do whatever you want.
Shut up!
Initially, I was going to
get married like you said.
But you disrespected my woman!
Do you know her?
You don't even know her! Cheating?
That's all you can think about?
Okay, okay.
I don't care whoever it is.
I'm only asking you
to stop running after women
like you used to do.
Be mature.
Okay? And we'll talk later.
I'm not going to get married.
You're kidding, aren't you?
You have money to spend every day
because of whom?
Do you think you're going to survive
by walking out of here
and finding your own place?
Have you ever thought about
why I raised you this way?
So you have to live a life that's
dependant on someone!
You have to listen and rely on me!
You will never fly out of this nest
if I don't teach you how to fly.
From this day on,
you're not my father anymore.
Porsch!
What did you say?
From this day on,
you are not
my father anymore.
You can go ahead and
take me out of the will.
I won't take any orders from you!
- I should be the one who says that!
- So what?
I'm severing my ties to the family
before you do!
Got a problem with that?
What are you doing?
Bring him back here!
Go!
Stay back!
Praew.
Go, Porsch. I'll talk to Dad.
If anyone dares to get
in my brother's way,
don't say I didn't warn you.
You can go now.
Thanks, dear sister.
Porsch!
Mind?
How did you get here?
I ran away from home.
What did you say?
In Phuket, why did you do that?
I did it for your own happiness.
Isn't it better
for you to stay home?
Do you really think so?
I don't know
if I'm going to survive.
My family usually helps me.
But my happiness isn't there now.
It's in front of me.
What are you blabbering about?
I'm not.
I'm telling the truth.
You're the stupidest rich kid
I've ever seen.
Why are you insulting me?
You're the stupidest beautiful woman
I've ever seen as well.
Why are you insulting me?
Well, you insulted me first.
So, we're both stupid then?
I guess so.
I have something to ask you.
Fire away.
What do you think of me?
Well,
what do you think of me?
- I asked you first.
- You answer first.
Ladies first.
- Okay.
- Mmm.
That night...
- What night?
- Well, that night.
You asked me if I really
don't have any feelings for you.
I didn't initially.
But...
But now that I've gotten
to know you more,
I don't want to let you be alone.
I want to take care,
protect,
and stay beside you.
I don't know when it happened.
Once I realized it,
I couldn't stop thinking about you.
What about you?
- Likewise.
- Huh?
Likewise.
- Just one word?
- Why should I say more?
My feelings need to be described
in more than one word.
It's possible. You can just say...
that you love me. That's all.
Oh, that's all.
Right.
Can you give me an example?
Umm...
Je t'aime.
See? In French.
Saranghae.
I-I love you.
Mmm.
You're Thai. You should speak Thai.
Porsch...
rak Mind na.
And
what about you?
- Hmm?
- Come on.
- Me?
- Mmm.
I have a better one.
Go on.
Will you marry me?
What did you say?
Let's get married.
I didn't hear it correctly.
- Do you want to or not?
- I do!
Why are you staring at me?
I found it in front of the house.
Porsch.
I won't go down on my knees.
There's no need.
Put it on now.
- Umm...
- Come on.
There's no, like, fireworks?
Just put it on.
Put it on. There.
- That's all?
- Mmm.
Don't you have
to go down on your knees?
You're lovely.
What should we do next?
I don't have a place
to live anymore.
You can live here with me.
But don't fight with Tan too often.
Even if it's daily, I'm okay
if I get to be with you every day.
- No fights!
- Yes, ma'am.
- Let's go inside.
A cursed ring.
What a shame.
We spent so much time on this.
Fashion Week is also approaching.
But we still have
the original pattern.
If we help each other,
I think we'll finish it in time.
There's one more that's not singed.
Is that the jacket I wore?
That's right.
This was the first thing I grabbed.
I said to myself,
"I hope he's okay."
And it really was okay.
Come on. Instead of worrying
about yourself first,
you're worried about your designs.
That's right.
I told you
they're like my children,
especially this one.
I put a lot of extra effort
to make it.
And for this year's Fashion Week,
I'm going to transform you into
the most perfect prince possible.
Everyone's jaw is going to drop.
Silly girl.
You have to do it for others too.
Why would you only do it for me?
It's my intention.
I'm just a clothing model.
In the end, the people are the ones
who are going to buy them to wear.
Alright.
I'm going to make
a special outfit for you.
There will be only one in the world.
An outfit made for Tanthai
and intended for Tanthai.
There's going to be only one?
Is it going to look strange?
No, it won't.
Okay.
I'm looking forward to it.
Alright.
Porsch is going to live with us
for a while.
What's going on with Porsch?
What is this? Are you going to
camp out here again?
What? What?
If Mind wasn't living here,
I wouldn't be here.
You're being cheeky again!
Get out now!
- Enough!
See? He started it.
So many times already.
- Porsch!
- Yes, ma'am?
You promised me you weren't going to
start a fight with him.
You saw him. He started it.
Okay.
You too, Tan.
Why did you start a fight with him?
You have to be on my side.
I'm not going to side with anyone.
Porsch is my friend. As for you...
What?
Don't be so out of control.
Why did you say that?
You both look like you're going
to be scared of your future wives.
It's truly the age of women.
That's right.
Women and men are equal
in this day and age.
Women don't always
have to do housework, right?
You don't have to, Mind.
I'll be the homemaker.
I'll cook dinner then.
- Hey!
- Don't!
You're not allowed to cook
in my house.
No need to worry.
I graduated from Le Cordon Bleu.
I've read a lot of reviews.
I'll get to it!
- Porsch!
- Porsch, stop!
Let go!
I'll do it for you.
Who's going to believe you
with only this much evidence?
Let's find a way
to get the voice back.
I love you!
I love you too!
Between me and your prince,
who do you love more?
I intended to talk to you, Rung.
There's news about our brand
copying another brand.
It wasn't me who stole and gave
Rarin's design to Posey.
Why did these bad things
happen to me?